Add draft holiday cancellation guide (#115)
carpentries/trainers: policy/holiday-scheduling-process.md

# Scheduling: Trainers Meetings and Holidays

## Rationale

Regularly scheduled bi-monthly meetings of Carpentries Trainers may fall on a 
major holiday, reducing participation by the trainers community. Given the 
global distribution of Carpentries Trainers, and variation in observance of 
major holidays, the degree to which any particular holiday will impact trainer 
meeting collision is difficult to predict. 

## Responsibilities

> + The decision to cancel a regularly scheduled trainers meeting will be the 
> responsibility of the Carpentries' Director of Instructor Training. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The decision to cancel a regularly scheduled trainers meeting will be at the 
discretion of the Carpentries' Director of Instructor Training or a designated proxy. 
```

proxy meaning like, if the director was out of office for some reason another person could cancel per whatever  arrangement for coverage was made by the director

> + Notification of such a cancellation should be made at least 24 hours before the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Notification of such a cancellation should be made at least 72 hours before the
```

> + Notification of such a cancellation should be made at least 24 hours before the

Reviewer 3: I think a 24 hour notice is too early, perhaps a 72 hour window is better

Author: Indeed. Updated to 72 hours.

> scheduled meeting time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scheduled meeting time through all normal meeting announcement communication channels. 
```

> + The Carpentries Trainers community will be responsible for notifying the 
> Director of Instructor Training of significant holidays that conflict with 
> regularly scheduled trainer meetings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Any member of the Carpentries Trainers community may notify the 
Director of Instructor Training of significant holidays that conflict with 
regularly scheduled trainer meetings. 
```
also maybe, logically this bullet should be first?

# Scheduling: Trainers Meetings and Holidays

## Rationale

Regularly scheduled bi-monthly meetings of Carpentries Trainers may fall on a 
major holiday, reducing participation by the trainers community. Given the 
global distribution of Carpentries Trainers, and variation in observance of 
major holidays, the degree to which any particular holiday will impact trainer 
meeting collision is difficult to predict. 

## Responsibilities

+ The decision to cancel a regularly scheduled trainers meeting will be at the 
discretion of the Carpentries' Director of Instructor Training or a designated 
proxy. 
+ Notification of such a cancellation should be made at least 72 hours before 
the scheduled meeting time through all normal meeting announcement communication 
channels. 
+ Any member of the Carpentries Trainers community may notify the 
Director of Instructor Training of significant holidays that conflict with 
regularly scheduled trainer meetings. 
+ The Director of Instructor Training should attempt to accommodate meetings 

> when novice instructors (< 1year) have signed up for pre-workshop discussions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when novice trainers (< 1year) have signed up for pre-workshop discussions
```
